=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

pawn - BIOS dumping tool

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<pawn> [I<OPTIONS>] I<OUTPUT>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<pawn> is a tool to extract the BIOS firmware from Intel-based workstations
and laptops.

The options are as follows:

=over

=item B<--version>

Display version.

=item B<--help>

Display help information and exit.

=item B<--help>=I<substring>

Show help for flags which include specified substring in either in the name, or
description or path.

=item B<--helpfull>

Get a list of all flags.

=item B<--flagfile>=I<arg>

Comma-separated list of files to load flags from.
Default: none.

=item B<--fromenv>=I<arg>

Comma-separated list of flags to set from the environment.  Use

  export FLAGS_flag1=value

Default: none.

=item B<--tryfromenv>=I<arg>

Comma-separated list of flags to try to set from the environment if present.

=item B<--undefok>=I<arg>

Comma-separated list of flag names that it is okay to specify on the command
line even if the program does not define a flag with that name.
Default: none.

=item B<--logo>

Display version/copyright information.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

The following command will extract the BIOS firmware and save the image to
F<bios_image.bin>:

  pawn bios_image.bin

=head1 CAVEATS

When running a Linux kernel > 4.8.4, make sure that either
B<CONFIG_IO_DEVMEM=n> is set or that you've booted with the B<iomem=relaxed>
boot option.

After extraction, you can then use other tools like
L<UEFITool|https://github.com/LongSoft/UEFITool> to process the firmware image further.

=cut
